[Doc][SFT] Update sft_trainer.md. link prompt-completion dataset example (#3486)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/sft_trainer.md

### Train on completions only

> To train on completions only, simply use a [prompt-completion](dataset_formats.md#prompt-completion) dataset. In this mode, loss is computed solely on the completion part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To train on completions only, simply use a [prompt-completion](dataset_formats#prompt-completion) dataset. In this mode, loss is computed solely on the completion part.
```

> To train on completions only, simply use a [prompt-completion](https://huggingface.co/docs/trl/en/dataset_formats#prompt-completion) dataset. In this mode, loss is computed solely on the completion part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To train on completions only, simply use a [prompt-completion](dataset_formats.md#prompt-completion) dataset. In this mode, loss is computed solely on the completion part.
```
